Roger wants to start a cloud computing company. First, he went to some companies to promote his cloud computing system and NNN of them (numbered 111 through NNN) showed interest. Each of these NNN clients has one task, which consists of a number of processes that needs to be executed every second. Let's denote the number of processes for the iii-th client by DiDiD_i.Roger, happy to have a bunch of clients, went to buy a server for his system. Unfortunately, there are QQQ different servers on sale (numbered 111 through QQQ), but Roger can only afford one. For each valid iii, Roger knows that the iii-th server's performance is described by two integers CiCiC_i and PiPiP_i with the following meaning:Let's split a second into PiPiP_i equal time segments.The server has CiCiC_i cores. During each time segment, each core may execute a process or do nothing.During each second, each process must be executed exactly once \xe2\x80\x95 by exactly one core during exactly one time segment.If two processes belong to the same task, they may not be executed by different cores during the same time segment due to synchronisation issues.Processes that belong to the same task do not have to be executed by the same core or in any particular order. They also do not have to be executed during contiguous time segments.Since tasks can be extreme sometimes, all the servers are equipped with a new technology named Exclusive Processing. Initially, we may choose one task which should run in exclusive processing mode (since it demands a lot of power). Then, instead of executing one process, each core may execute two processes belonging to this task during any time segment. Executing just one process belonging to this task during one time segment is also allowed. However, it is still not allowed for different cores to execute processes belonging to the same task during the same time segment.Now Roger needs your help. For each server, he wants to know the number of subsets of the NNN clients that can be served by this server. Since these numbers can be very large, compute them modulo 987,654,319987,654,319987,654,319.