 Different religions tell different stories, but alas, we are not yet sure about it. But, in Chefland, the home of the species Homo Chefians, even children know that Chef Shefu was the first chef manufactured by the hands of God. Then, Shefu had some children, then his children had some more, and now there are a lot of chefs living in Chefland. The strange world that Chefland is, every chef there lives for exactly 100 years and does not need to have sex for producing children. So, a single chef itself can give birth to many chefs. Also, giving birth to children is deadly for Homo Chefians. So, they only give birth at the end of their 100 year lifespan. Hence, every generation has to die to produce the next one. Let's call Chef Shefu to be the 1st generation chef, its children 2nd generation chefs and so on till the Lth generation, which is the current generation of chefs. Till now, there have been N chefs in total in Chefland, and each has distinct identifier from 1 to N. The identifier for Shefu is 1. You also know the parent-child relationship. Devu is a chef eating monster, who also happens to like sci-fi style adventures. One day, he built a time machine and went on a tour back in time visiting various generations of chef. Whenever, he travels to a generation, he organises a contest to test the chefs' cooking skills. First, Devu eats all the food prepared by the chefs, then he also eats the chef who prepared the worst food. Now, all the future generations of the chef that was eaten are never born because their ancestor is killed in history :(.Note that Devu does not visit a generation more than once because he doesn't want to create weird time travel paradoxes.After completing his adventures, he told his little brother Amit about the generations he visited. You are given the information of generations visited via an array A having K distinct integers (1 \xe2\x89\xa4 K \xe2\x89\xa4 L). However, Amit does not know the exact order in which Devu has paid his visits to the generations. Little Amit is really worried and wishes to complain to his dad Churu Bhaiya and stop Devu's evil plans once and for all. Churu Bhaiya, being a mathematician, though, always insists on exact facts and figures. To force him to foil Devu's plans, Amit needs to tell his father the least number of chefs who may have been affected by this misadventure (either they are killed or they are never born because their ancestors are killed). Can you please help Amit in finding out what could be the minimum number of chefs affected due to Devu's misadventure? Please do this before Devu starts a quest eating Homo Sapiens from the past as well. Hurry up!