 The code of Enigma was broken once by Polish Cipher Bureau in 1932 and then again, during the war, by the Codebreaker team at Bletchley Park, England. Because of this, the Allied Powers were able to intercept a lot of messages transferred by German military and knew their battle plans. It is said that, breaking of Enigma shortened the length of that war by two years. But, in the time of war, Allies were gravely concerned about the possibility of Germans finding out this security breach and resetting their communication system. They were very disciplined about using the information in order to hide this source of intelligence. Their precautions included leading fake invasions, superfluous search missions and attacking only after creating a proper cover story. Even at times, they considered sabotaging own resources during a battle which resulted in the death toll of hundreds of soldiers, civilians and massive loss on supplies; just to avoid any suspicion!It seems like they played with probabilities leaving peoples\xe2\x80\x99 lives hanging on the decision.Cruel, wasn\xe2\x80\x99t it? Can you do it?There are N battles ahead. The probability that Allies will win the ith battle is Pi. The enemies are calculating a value PEB (Probability that Enigma has been broken). If the allies win a battle, the value of PEB increases; if the enemy wins the battle, the value decreases. If the value of PEB gets too high, the enemy will become suspicious and replace Enigma with something else.PEB is calculated as an average from results of all previous battles using the following method.total := 0foreach Battle, bi\tif Allies win\t\ttotal += probability of Allies losing in bi\telse\t\ttotal -= probability of Allies winning in biPEB = max(total / no. of battles, 0)As the Allies already deciphered Enigma, they can choose to win or lose any battle they want. Consider the following scenario as example:Some battles are more important than others; the ith battle has an Impact Factor Fi. As a war analyst, your job is to maximize the sum of Impact Factors of all the battles won. But the enemies must not know that Allies have deciphered Enigma, so you must keep PEB less than a certain threshold, S; throughout the whole war.