  In this Factory there are NNN stations for transport of cement from one chamber to another chamber. Each Chamber or Each station has a specific height hihihi  and each adjacent station are separated by some distance dididi . d1d1d1=distance between building 2 and 1 . So you have two arrays one having NNN heights of the stations in the factory and another array of NNN-1 numbers denoting the distance between two adjacent elements of the previous array.  where dididi= distance between iii+1th station and iiith station.Now as you have gone through the concepts of Gravity so hired mechanical engineers arbitrarily build passing chambers which support transportation between any pair of stations . As the decision was very quick so they build TTT transportation gateways between some stations. Each such transportation gateway is denoted by uuu to vvv . But here when a sack of cement goes from station uuu to vvv then total cost spent is (hvhvhv-huhuhu)*(distance between station u and station v). Now when cement sack flows down it looses energy and it is in free small so instead of spending some positive amount it will get something while going down. Thus flowing up and flowing down might cost you not the same always.Also you know that from which building to which other building you can transport the sack of cement. Now Ashutosh hired you as a computer science engineer to solve his problem of finding minimum amount he will spent  in transporting a cement sack from a srcsrcsrc source to any other station SiSiSi which he gives you in the form of SSS queries. and in each query he asks you what is the minimum amount of transporting of cement sack from srcsrcsrc source to the given station in the query SiSiSi.If the amount can be infinitely minimum then simply output -1 as the answer for all query. If the cement sack cannot reach from srcsrcsrc station to SiSiSi station anyhow then simply output 1000000000000. Amount to transport a cement sack from source to source maybe 0 if and only if no other minimum cost is possible.Remember uuu to vvv is not same as transportation gateway between vvv to uuu.